# Fu Xueer - Project Portfolio Page


## Project: StockMaster
StockMaster is a desktop inventory and management that provides the user with a range of tools and features to help them
manage and operate their business.


### Code Contribution

- **New Feature:** Add Storage feature
  - What it does: Write information from an itemlist to file. Read information from the file when program starts
  - Justification: This feature is important in saving stock information and any update to stock, during the execution of 
StockMaster. When the user restarts the program, information from previous runs can be automatically retrieved. User can also
use the text file created by this feature for reference.
- **New Feature:** Add Transaction feature
  - What it does: Store date and time, selling price, cost, quantity and profit made of a type of item that's already sold
  - Justification: Transactions contain additional information of items in stock when they are being sold, and those are not necessary
to be stored in itemlist. The transaction feature is useful in saving these information. 
- **New Feature:** Add Cashier feature
  - What it does: A list to store past transactions
  - Justification: This is a necessary feature to store and edit transactions list by user command
- **New Feature:** Add TransactionLogs feature
  - What it does: Write information from a transactionlist to file. Read information from the file when program starts
  - Justification: Transactions are stored in different format than stock, and they contain additional information like profit and date.
    Storing transactions in another file helps the user to obtain required information more easily.

**Code Contributed:** [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2113-ay2324s2.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=fxe025&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=true&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&since=2024-02-23&tabOpen=true&tabType=authorship&tabAuthor=isaaceng7&tabRepo=AY2324S2-CS2113-T15-2%2Ftp%5Bmaster%5D&authorshipIsMergeGroup=false&authorshipFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code&authorshipIsBinaryFileTypeChecked=false&authorshipIsIgnoredFilesChecked=false)

- **Documentation**
  - User Guide:
    - Update the introduction of user guide
    - Update feature guide for edit command feature
  - Developer Guide:
    - Add Storage feature
      - Class diagram
      - Sequence diagram
